Update github-integration.md (#8554)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/integrations/github-integration.md

## Test the integration

To verify the integration works, make a change in the GitHub repository and use the magento-cloud CLI to pull the change into the local environment.

## Remove the integration

You can safely remove the Github integration from your project without affecting your code.

{:.procedure}
To remove the Github integration:

1. From the terminal, log in to your {{site.data.var.ece}} project.

1. List your integrations. You need the Github integration ID to complete the next step.

   ```bash
   magento-cloud integration:list
   ```

1. Delete the integration.

   ```bash
   magento-cloud integration:delete <project-ID>
   ```

> Also, you can remove the Github integration by logging in to your Github account and revoking the OAuth grant on the account _Settings_ page.

Reviewer: This section appears to be copied from the Bitbucket topic, have you logged in to GitHub and tested this line?
Since this topic is about the GitHub integration, it must describe the GitHub environment in a relatable manner.

Author: I have checked on Github by integrating my magento cloud. We can remove the GitHub Vs Magento Cloud Project integration by removing the web hooks in Github>Repositories>Magento Cloud repo>Settings>Webhooks.

> Also, you can remove the Github integration by logging in to your Github account and revoking the OAuth grant on the account _Settings_ page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you can remove the Github integration by logging in to your Github account and removing the web hook in the _Webhooks_ tab of the repository _Settings_.
```

 removing the web hooks in Github>Repositories>Magento Cloud repo>Settings>Webhooks.
